Add doc for file-format option (#342)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/cypher/query-clauses/load-from.md

See the [ignoring erroneous rows section of `COPY FROM`](import#ignore-erroneous-rows) for more details.

## Scan Data Formats

> `Load from` can scan several raw or in-memory file formats, such as CSV, Parquet, Pandas, Polars, Arrow tables, and JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`LOAD FROM` can scan several raw or in-memory file formats, such as CSV, Parquet, Pandas, Polars, Arrow tables, and JSON.
```

### File format detection
`Load from` determines the file format based on the file extension if the `file_format` option is not given. For instance, files with a `.csv` extension are automatically recognized as CSV format.

> If the file format cannot be inferred from the extension, or if users need to override the default sniffing behaviour, the file_format option can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the file format cannot be inferred from the extension, or if you need to override the default sniffing behaviour, the `file_format` option can be used.
```

> For example, to load a CSV file with a `.tsv` extension, the user must explicitly specify the file format using the `file_format` option, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to load a CSV file that has a `.tsv` extension (for tab-separated data), you must explicitly specify the file format using the `file_format` option, as shown below:
```
